reorganize docs (#3608)
brimdata/zed: docs/zq/functions/flatten.md

### Function

&emsp; **flatten** &mdash; transform a record into a flattened map

### Synopsis

```
flatten(val: record) -> |{[string]:<any>}|
```
### Description

> The _flatten_ function returns a map of the flattened key/values of the record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _flatten_ function returns a map from flattened key to value for the record
```

Author: In reworking this for clarification, I just realized flatten's use of a map doesn't provide a way to preserve field order of a record.  I think we should we should use `[{key:[string],value:any}]` instead here.  For now, I updated the docs and created issue #3615.
